[CortexXpanse] - EXPANDR 9482 - Update Cortex Xpanse Integration Commands (#34993)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXpanse/Integrations/CortexXpanse/README.md

| ASM.IP.tags               | unknown  | A list of tags that have been assigned to the asset.                       |
| ASM.IP.asset_explainers   | unknown  | The asset explanation details.                                             |
| ASM.IP.domain_details     | unknown  | Additional domain details.                                                 |
| ASM.IP.recent_ips         | unknown  | Details about the recent IP observations.                                  |
| DBotScore.Vendor          | String   | The vendor reporting the score of the indicator.                           |
| DBotScore.Score           | Integer  | An integer regarding the status of the indicator.                          |
| DBotScore.Indicator       | String   | The indicator value.                                                       |
| DBotScore.Type            | String   | The vendor used to calculate the score.                                    |
| DBotScore.Reliability     | String   | Reliability of the source providing the intelligence data.                 |
| IP.Address                | String   | IP address.                                                                |

> | ASM.TIM.IP.name           | String   | The existing Xpanse IP address recently updated in XSOAR indicators        |
> | ASM.TIM.IP.indicator_type | String   | The existing Xpanse indicator type in XSOAR indicators                     |
> | ASM.TIM.IP.id             | String   | The existing indicator ID in XSOAR indicators                              |
> | ASM.TIM.IP.reliability    | String   | The existing indicator reliability recently updated in XSOAR indicators    |
> | ASM.TIM.IP.score          | Integer  | The existing indicator score recently updated in XSOAR indicators          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ASM.TIM.IP.name           | String   | The existing Cortex Xpanse IP address recently updated in the Cortex XSOAR indicators        |
| ASM.TIM.IP.indicator_type | String   | The existing Cortex Xpanse indicator type in the Cortex XSOAR indicators                     |
| ASM.TIM.IP.id             | String   | The existing indicator ID in the Cortex XSOAR indicators                              |
| ASM.TIM.IP.reliability    | String   | The existing indicator reliability recently updated in the Cortex XSOAR indicators    |
| ASM.TIM.IP.score          | Integer  | The existing indicator score recently updated in the Cortex XSOAR indicators          |
```

#### Command example

```!ip ip='1.1.1.1, 1.1.1.2, 8.8.8.8'```

#### Context Example

> If the Indicator was **not** updated in XSOAR in the last 3 days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the indicator was **not** updated in Cortex XSOAR in the last 3 days:
```

}
```

> If the Indicator is **related to Xpanse** was updated in XSOAR in the last 3 days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the indicator is **related to Xpanse** was updated in Cortex XSOAR in the last 3 days:
```

```json
{
    "ASM": {
        "TIM": {
            "id": "abcd1b2abcd1a0b20c7a8bc5d67e8eea",
            "indicator_type": "IP",
            "name": "1.1.1.2",
            "reliability": "A+ - 3rd party enrichment",
            "score": 0
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

> If the Indicator was **not** updated in XSOAR in the last 3 days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the indicator was **not** updated in Cortex XSOAR in the last 3 days:
```

> ### Xpanse Discovered IP List
>
> |asm_ids|asset_explainers|asset_type|domain|domain_details|first_observed|ip|last_observed|name|recent_ips|service_type|tags|
> |---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
> | 4b1f3765-de40-3a1a-8535-667420408fd9 |  | DOMAIN | *.acme.com | admin: {"city": "", "country": "us", "emailAddress": "", "faxExtension": null, "faxNumber": "", "name": "", "organization": "Acme, Inc.", "phoneExtension": null, "phoneNumber": "", "postalCode": "", "province": "AZ", "registryId": null, "street": ""}| 1679457579382 | 1.1.1.1 | 1697361335282 | *.acme.com | {'id': '218b3cc9-2d26-3a17-aadd-9eac08cc30ec', 'ip': 52529952, 'ipv6': None, 'source': {'name': 'DOMAIN_RESOLUTION'}, 'provider': {'name': 'AWS', 'additionalProviderInfo': None, 'isCdn': False, 'legacyName': 'AWS', 'displayName': 'Amazon Web Services', 'cdn': False}, 'firstObserved': 1692418207732, 'lastObserved': 1697361335282} | HttpServer | BU:Xpanse VanDelay Demo 3 |

> If the Indicator is **related to Xpanse** was updated in XSOAR in the last 3 days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the indicator is **related to Xpanse** was updated in Cortex XSOAR in the last 3 days:
```

> ### Xpanse Discovered IP List (Existing Indicators)
>

> > This domain list is from existing records found in XSOAR within the last 3 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This domain list is from existing records found in Cortex XSOAR within the last 3 days.
```

> > If you would additional Xpanse specific information about these please use asm-list-asset-internet-exposure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you would additional Cortex Xpanse specific information about these, use asm-list-asset-internet-exposure.
```

>
> |id|indicator_type|name|reliability|score|
> |---|---|---|---|---|
> | abcd1b2abcd1a0b20c7a8bc5d67e8eea | IP | 1.1.1.2 | A+ - 3rd party enrichment | 0 |

> If the Indicator was updated in XSOAR in the last 3 days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the indicator was updated in Cortex XSOAR in the last 3 days:
```

> > ### XSOAR Indicator Discovered IP List (Not Related to Xpanse)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ### XSOAR Indicator Discovered IP List (Not Related to Cortex Xpanse)
```

> 

> > This IP list is from existing records found in XSOAR within the last 3 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This IP list is from existing records found in Cortex XSOAR within the last 3 days.
```

> > These IPs have not been found to be attributed to Xpanse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> These IPs have not been found to be attributed to Cortex Xpanse.
```

> 
> |integrations|name|
> |---|---|
> | VirusTotal (API v3) | 8.8.8.8 |

### domain

***

> Returns reputation lookup for an doamin found in Xpanse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns reputation lookup for an domain found in Cortex Xpanse.
```

| ASM.Domain.asset_explainers   | unknown  | The asset explanation details.                                             |
| ASM.Domain.domain_details     | unknown  | Additional domain details.                                                 |
| ASM.Domain.recent_ips         | unknown  | Details about the recent IP observations.                                  |
| DBotScore.Vendor              | String   | The vendor reporting the score of the indicator.                           |
| DBotScore.Score               | Number   | An integer regarding the status of the indicator.                          |
| DBotScore.Indicator           | String   | The indicator value.                                                       |
| DBotScore.Type                | String   | The vendor used to calculate the score.                                    |
| DBotScore.Reliability         | String   | Reliability of the source providing the intelligence data.                 |
| Domain.Name                   | String   | Name of the domain.                                                        |

> | ASM.TIM.Domain.name           | String   | The existing Xpanse domain recently updated in XSOAR indicators            |
> | ASM.TIM.Domain.indicator_type | String   | The existing Xpanse indicator type in XSOAR indicators                     |
> | ASM.TIM.Domain.id             | String   | The existing indicator ID in XSOAR indicators                              |
> | ASM.TIM.Domain.reliability    | String   | The existing indicator reliability recently updated in XSOAR indicators    |
> | ASM.TIM.Domain.score          | Integer  | The existing indicator score recently updated in XSOAR indicators          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ASM.TIM.Domain.name           | String   | The existing Cortex Xpanse domain recently updated in the Cortex XSOAR indicators            |
| ASM.TIM.Domain.indicator_type | String   | The existing Cortex Xpanse indicator type in the Cortex XSOAR indicators                     |
| ASM.TIM.Domain.id             | String   | The existing indicator ID in the Cortex XSOAR indicators                              |
| ASM.TIM.Domain.reliability    | String   | The existing indicator reliability recently updated in the Cortex XSOAR indicators    |
| ASM.TIM.Domain.score          | Integer  | The existing indicator score recently updated in the Cortex XSOAR indicators          |
```

#### Command example

```!domain domain="*.acme.com, www.example.com, www.fakedomain.com"```

#### Context Example

> If the Indicator was **not** updated in XSOAR in the last 3 days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the indicator was **not** updated in Cortex XSOAR in the last 3 days:
```

}
```

> If the Indicator is **related to Xpanse** was updated in XSOAR in the last 3 days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the indicator is **related to Xpanse** was updated in Cortex XSOAR in the last 3 days:
```

```json
{
    "ASM": {
        "TIM": {
            "id": "abcd1b2abcd1a0b20c7a8bc5d67e8eea",
            "indicator_type": "Domain",
            "name": "www.example.com",
            "reliability": "A+ - 3rd party enrichment",
            "score": 0
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output

> If the Indicator was **not** updated in XSOAR in the last 3 days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the indicator was **not** updated in Cortex XSOAR in the last 3 days:
```

> ### Xpanse Discovered Domain List
>
> |asm_ids|asset_explainers|asset_type|domain|domain_details|first_observed|last_observed|name|recent_ips|service_type|tags|
> |---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
> | 4b1f3765-de40-3a1a-8535-667420408fd9 |  | DOMAIN | *.acme.com | admin: {"city": "", "country": "us", "emailAddress": "", "faxExtension": null, "faxNumber": "", "name": "", "organization": "Acme, Inc.", "phoneExtension": null, "phoneNumber": "", "postalCode": "", "province": "AZ", "registryId": null, "street": ""}| 1679457579382 | 1697361335282 | *.acme.com | {'id': '218b3cc9-2d26-3a17-aadd-9eac08cc30ec', 'ip': 52529952, 'ipv6': None, 'source': {'name': 'DOMAIN_RESOLUTION'}, 'provider': {'name': 'AWS', 'additionalProviderInfo': None, 'isCdn': False, 'legacyName': 'AWS', 'displayName': 'Amazon Web Services', 'cdn': False}, 'firstObserved': 1692418207732, 'lastObserved': 1697361335282} | HttpServer | BU:Xpanse VanDelay Demo 3 |

> If the Indicator is **related to Xpanse** was updated in XSOAR in the last 3 days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the indicator is **related to Xpanse** was updated in Cortex XSOAR in the last 3 days:
```

> ### Xpanse Discovered Domain List (Existing Indicators)
>

> > This domain list is from existing records found in XSOAR within the last 3 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This domain list is from existing records found in Cortex XSOAR within the last 3 days.
```

> > If you would additional Xpanse specific information about these please use asm-list-asset-internet-exposure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you would like additional Cortex Xpanse specific information about these, use asm-list-asset-internet-exposure.
```

>
> |id|indicator_type|name|reliability|score|
> |---|---|---|---|---|
> | abcd1b2abcd1a0b20c7a8bc5d67e8eea | Domain | www.example.com | A+ - 3rd party enrichment | 0 |

> If the Indicator was updated in XSOAR in the last 3 days:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the indicator was updated in Cortex XSOAR in the last 3 days:
```

> ### XSOAR Indicator Discovered Domain List (Not Related to Xpanse)
> 

> > This domain list is from existing records found in XSOAR within the last 3 days.
> > These domains have not been found to be attributed to Xpanse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This domain list is from existing records found in Cortex XSOAR within the last 3 days.
> These domains have not been found to be attributed to Cortex Xpanse.
```

#### Human Readable Output

>### External websites
>
>|Host|Authentication Type|
>|---|---|
>| example.com | Form based authentication | 

### asm-add-note-to-asset

#### Base Command

`asm-add-note-to-asset`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| asset_id | Authentication type string on which to search. | Required | 
| entity_type | Maximum number of assets to return. The default and maximum is 100. | Required | 
| note_to_add | The custom note to be added to the notes section of the asset in Xpanse | Required |

> | should_append | f you would like to overwrite the current note on the asset, set to 'false'. If you would like to append to the current note, set to 'true' (Note: Default value is 'true'). | Optional |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| should_append | If you would like to overwrite the current note on the asset, set to 'false'. If you would like to append to the current note, set to 'true' (Note: Default value is 'true'). | Optional |
```

> | note_to_add | The custom note to be added to the notes section of the asset in Xpanse | Required |
> | should_append | If you would like to overwrite the current note on the asset, set to 'false'. If you would like to append to the current note, set to 'true' (Note: Default value is 'true'). | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| note_to_add | The custom note to be added to the notes section of the asset in Cortex Xpanse | Required |
| should_append | Set to 'false' to overwrite the current note on the asset. Set to 'true' to append to the current note. Default is 'true'. | Optional |
```
